on today's episode of doodle draw art
we're going to draw a firetruck we're
gonna start off with a big long
rectangle this is the back of the truck
where all the equipment is and then
we'll make a smaller rectangle at the
front for the cab and a little rectangle
for the engine and a triangle for the
windshield and then at the top we're
going to put two domes where the
emergency lights are and we'll draw two
wheels roughly underneath the same place
where we've just drawn those domes
and now we're gonna work on the ladder
this is a ladder truck so the ladder is
going to have long lines and then some
rungs and some crisscross lines for the
supports you don't have to draw the
crisscross lines makes it a little more
complicated or you can and this is the
part that holds the ladder up when it's
boosted now I'm just gonna outline all
of these lines that I drew for the
ladder by making them thicker on all the
sides
alright so it's time for us to fill in
more detail those were all our sketch
marks so now I'm going to use a lot of
firmer pressure on my pencil and I'm
going to make the lines here that will
be the ones I trace over so all the
rungs are pointing to the front so
they're drawn straight through and then
in the background we have these
crossways support so they do not
interrupt the rungs and then I'll draw
and stop draw and stop draw and stop all
along there
and this is at the very front so it cuts
off everything behind it and then the
bottom of the letter great okay that's
the hard part so now we can work on the
main part of the truck so I'm just gonna
outline the back of the truck go over
the wheels nice big circle and hubcap
and cross the top of the cab and then
down between where the cab connects to
the back of the truck
I'm straw detail along the bottom here
where the rails are and this is going to
be where the doors open and closed to
keep all the equipment for the fireman
now we're put the windows in this is the
back windows and the front window for
the driver and then the windshield
all right now we'll continue the outline
of the truck and I'm just gonna fill in
a bumper here on the front and then I'm
over the wheel hub cap and tire now
let's add door handles and finalize the
lines at the top here for the emergency
lights it's looking good
all right I think we're ready to
finalize these lines grab your black
marker and here we go I'm gonna start
with the tricky parts with the top so
this is at the very front and this is at
the very front so I'm gonna outline
those first and then the ladder is next
the bucket is at the very back so I
don't have to fill that until I'm done
all right this parts easy
have you decided what color your fire
trucks going to be then here's the
bucket at the back great if you think
you got all your lines we can start
erasing I see I've missed a couple but
I'll notice it in a second I'll just
stop you racing and fix it as I go
haha there they are alright I'll clean
this up it looks great now it's all
ready for coloring
here I go with my red crayon and I'll
speed this up
great I don't know use black for the
tires gray for all the metal parts and
then for the emergency lights I'm going
to use two colors of red that purplish
red and then color over with my regular
red and some grey lines on the windows
and now I'll shade in a bit of the
background just the asphalt area and
that's it we've got a fire truck I hope
you enjoyed this episode of doodle draw
art and I hope you come back for more I
generally have a new video every day so
don't forget to comment or rate my video
and if you're on Instagram I would love
it if you would post your drawings of
your fire trucks and tag me in the photo